Serenna Beers: Hi there.
ROB: Hi. Can you see me.
Serenna Beers: I can see you.
Serenna Beers: Okay cool able to see me.
ROB: Yes, I can see you.
Serenna Beers: Awesome.
ROB: How are you see me before. I'm good.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: I'm good. My name is Serena and I'm your therapist at bright heart health. And how long have you been here with us for
ROB: I just started. Yeah, I've been I my doctor and moved out of our town. So, and luckily, I'm with her now tombstone.
Serenna Beers: Oh, good. Well, this is really can vignette. Right.
ROB: Yeah yeah
Yeah.
ROB: I got to do it and gun ban went back to college, so
ROB: I'm used to this nouns and
Serenna Beers: Well, today's meeting is i i don't know if anybody shared with you, but I need to do a bio psychosocial on you and it's just basically where I collect a bunch of information.
Serenna Beers: Takes about 20 minutes give or take 10 minutes 20 minutes depending on how much you talk, which is good or either way.
Serenna Beers: You might have a lot to say. You may not have a lot to say. I mean, some folks, it takes them a while to warm up. Others are just they get right right right in it, but I'm comfortable with either. So, we will move at at your pace. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Um, so tell me your story. How did you, what brings you to us and why why now.
ROB: Um, I don't know because I've been on Suboxone now for, I think,
ROB: Five years and then it switched over to this. So that's all I know.
Serenna Beers: Oh, you mean it switches over to doing it. Is this because of the virus.
ROB: No, no, it's our doctor left this town that we're in a small town and
ROB: City, California. Oh yeah, that is small.
ROB: So Dr groves moved to Oregon or had to take care of her parents so
ROB: No, I'm now I'm in her group so
ROB: Oh, nice. Yeah, yeah.
Serenna Beers: All right. Um, so tell me then your story with substances like basically when you were first exposed how it progressed and then at what point was it the worst.
ROB: Oh, well, I'm the worst was from about 1997 till
ROB: About 2007 i i'd say 2007 then I got on methadone, which is no better
ROB: For me and and I just kept using heroin. At the same time, I'm sorry.
Yeah, so
ROB: Finally,
ROB: We had enough. And a friend of mine had me help him with his house and we moved up here to Crescent City sold the house and my my girlfriend or my significant significant yeah you know
ROB: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So yeah, make yourself.
ROB: Yeah, so we moved on up here and
ROB: I stayed on Suboxone and I've been clean and sober. Now for men completely abstaining for five years. This
ROB: Thanksgiving.
Serenna Beers: Oh, congratulations. I've been doing and I'm back in. I
ROB: Since I was
ROB: I was out of work. I couldn't go back to work, because a disability and stuff. So I'm able to go back to I'm going back to college and learning something new. I worked on boats and
Serenna Beers: Good for you.
ROB: Yeah, as a merchant marine for most of my life so
ROB: Yeah, and I did some construction, but I can't do it anymore. So that's what I'm doing now.
ROB: Trying to go back to work and
Serenna Beers: Good for you. For for being proactive because so many folks can take the path of least resistance or the easier way and it sounds like you have a lot of mo motivation, which is which is huge.
ROB: Yeah it to me. It took a while for that to sink in. But yeah, it's pretty. It's a lot for me.
Serenna Beers: You know, I've been running around most of my life.
ROB: But the heroines, the one that really got me. But, you know, not to say I wasn't doing things before that, I think I did my, you know, I went to. I was in California youth authority.
ROB: Okay, so yeah. That was terrible. And I went from being a farm boy to that I just gotten a little bit of trouble.
Serenna Beers: Family just
ROB: Just, you know, that was it.
ROB: Yeah, so I've been on my own since probably about 15
ROB: So was
Serenna Beers: In a prison. Okay. Was there chronic pain associated with the
Serenna Beers: heroin use or was it was there some precipitating event that caused you to start to use
ROB: Yeah, it's pretty much what they're saying now is that it was due to our what what my
ROB: Problems. Where was it boiled down to PTSD.
ROB: From my
ROB: Childhood it didn't, you know, I always thought
ROB: Nothing. You know, I thought
ROB: All my life. I ran around
ROB: Thinking that you know I'm pretty tough or whatever you want to say, but apparently it really affected me later on, you know,
ROB: So I started using it with Bell goodness. Yeah. And it just killed that didn't that pain. It wasn't physical pain.
ROB: It was mental mental. Yeah.
ROB: Okay, never physical. It was always an end, it always started is fun for me, you know, because of my work, I would I would work. A while and then I'd be off for a long time with money. So that was part of it and
Serenna Beers: Wow. Well, there's a saying in in the addiction field and it in. It goes like this in the beginning, we used to feel, and in the end we use not to feel
Serenna Beers: It makes sense right
Serenna Beers: Pretty powerful, it's pretty powerful. Tell me about any prior history as far as like for mental health or substance use, you know, how many other types of places. Had you saw it help for and I mean if you don't know it exact dates just around about time.
ROB: Okay, since I'm since I was a teenager, they've been trying to get me to work with their ambition and psych tech actress.
ROB: And I
ROB: I just wouldn't do it until about 2004 and then I well 2004 is when I I just said. Screw it. I'm going to do this and I started seeing a therapist in and she has a PhD out of
ROB: Pittsburgh, California.
ROB: And and she just, she said, Man, we can't have you on the streets anymore so got me on social security disability.
And
ROB: And that helped that you know I was I was homeless, but I had a vehicle. You know I never considered myself homeless because I'd always been homeless when I wasn't working, you know,
ROB: Right. And you know, I just
ROB: I pay child support and everything, but you know my daughter. Right now, we don't even talk. I mean, we talk a bit but you know I just wasn't her dad so
ROB: That's kinda was always gone. Yeah. It's all right. It's not, it's, it's cool. We were, you know, I still talk to her mom so I know what's up with her. She's got four kids now so I got grandkids his
ROB: Daughter that I had to, you know. Yeah, so I mean I have all this
ROB: All these people in the past that I've just kind of cut loose and and I cut loose my family finally about 2004 and it's just gotten better, ever since. So I had bad and my yeah it's just not good.
Serenna Beers: Well, that's what we're going to get into next but really quick. I have to ask you, do you have any history of suicidal ideation and I don't mean like a plan.
Serenna Beers: I mean like it had had you ever have thoughts like, you know, I would be better off dead any homicidal ideation where you wanted to harm another person. Have you ever had those types of thoughts.
ROB: Just no. Not those type of times not not not any more than anybody else will add you know like
ROB: Like you're, you're so
ROB: You know you're sick all the time and you're just like we should I just don't have the guts to do that. Anyway, so it's not my thing, you know, and I'm really mad at some of the people that did it.
ROB: Yeah, I grew up with, and
ROB: You're
Serenna Beers: Talking more of like the common thought which would make sense when you're in active addiction, like, Gosh, I just, you know, if I never what What woke up again that I probably wouldn't be upset about that.
ROB: Right, that
Serenna Beers: I feel so bad. Yeah, okay, which which those are, I mean that's a normal way to feel
Serenna Beers: It. I mean as normal goes when you're when you're getting high. Right.
ROB: Yeah yeah
Serenna Beers: Um, what about
ROB: Oh, I'm sorry. I'm working with a psychiatrist right now so
ROB: I constantly see him yeah I'm disabled and PTSD and
ROB: Social anxiety and all that good stuff. So that's what they say. So anyway, I'm seeing a psychiatrist right now. And so I'm linked if I get those thoughts.
Serenna Beers: Oh, good.
ROB: And in a small town. So it's pretty easy to get taken care of here.
Serenna Beers: Yeah now Crescent City. How far away is that from like a bigger bigger city.
ROB: Wally we're right at the, the very North border of one on one.
ROB: Right against Oregon.
Okay.
ROB: Okay. Yeah. Beautiful place.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, very, very green right
ROB: Oh yeah, we got it we got the redwoods like one mile away and coast is two miles away. So
Serenna Beers: A lot of rain, though. Correct.
Serenna Beers: Right. Okay. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: All right, tell me about, okay, growing up. What was your family like specifically. Were you adopted. Were you raised by both mom and dad. Do you have brothers and sisters or your parents still together. Did anybody in your fam fam family struggle with mental health or substances.
ROB: Yeah, we can get into that. Okay. So, as adopted when I was two days old.
ROB: And, you know, there's a pretty good. It was a great family. My dad, you know, my mom, they love me and it was great. And she'd they adopted another daughter.
ROB: Adopting the sun too, but he ended up going back at some point, I don't really remember him, but my sister and I were raised, excuse me, and
ROB: I said I was raised in in Santa Rosa, California, but
ROB: You know, on a on a on a dairy type place. And so I was on a ranch had horses.
ROB: Is a great family life is almost like the Brady Bunch type thing. You know, it's just everything was that's how they wanted it, you know.
ROB: And miss my dad's perfect and my mom, you know, whatever. But when I was about 12 my mom split. She just one night, we can. We went out to dinner, and we came back. My mom was gone, she was with a friend of ours, you know now.
ROB: Oh, yeah. And anyway, I never I used to
ROB: Think about you know who my my real mother. My birth mother was and they always gave me some run around thing but um
ROB: Anyway, when I was 14. Like I said, I started running away because my parents were, you know, this isn't the normal thing.
ROB: And my dad wasn't going for that. So he thought that I should be locked up so I could get help. That's what they said because they wanted me on some kind of probate. Why can't you get help, because he's run away, you know, and he hasn't done anything illegal so
ROB: They said, then he threatened our life so
ROB: I got me put locked up and do and instead of where I could leave you know i got i was to a one. I guess they call
ROB: It. And so they got me locked up and then sent me to a place called boys Republic down in Chino
Serenna Beers: first time I'd ever
ROB: Anywhere. Yeah. So I mean, I, I'm a farm boy you know i i didn't know anything or anybody that was into crime or anything.
ROB: So I went there and it got pretty crazy for me so I split it with three other guys and they got arrested, but I got away because I was pretty slick back then and I got back to Santa Rosa.
ROB: Still some pot plants.
ROB: And went to juvenile hall and they were. And the first thing to judge it is what's he doing in boys Republic, you know, he's never met you know so they put me in a mobile camp youth camp.
ROB: There that was, you know, it's the same thing, but it was a lot less than it was. It was there in Santa Rosa and
ROB: So I of course I didn't like the idea of being locked up. So I split again and this time I stayed with a friend and his mom wasn't gonna even adopt me because she said, this is crazy, you know, we were we're trying to work and everything I had a car anyway.
ROB: And then they told me if I turn myself and they'd let me go, but not to my dad or my dad wasn't hearing out. So I went turn myself in
ROB: Wow, they put me back in and shaved my head and told me if I split. Again, I'm going to youth authority and
ROB: I did so I left and I ended up going with about four guys that were there that used to do burglaries commercial burglaries
ROB: So we got into that I got into it with them and
ROB: You know,
ROB: It didn't last long. And I got arrested. I was just about fifth I was right at 15 and I got busted and of course at those burglaries so they sent in. They were sending me to ya. Cuz I split
ROB: And so I went to California youth authority.
ROB: And right away. You know, I'm going to try to do the thing they said was going there and hit the biggest guy. So I tried to do that everyone was gonna back me up and then that's where I found out. That's all BS. No one's
ROB: No one's buying
Serenna Beers: So,
ROB: I ended up instead of getting released because it was like where you go in and you you get evaluated and
ROB: Go on, but you're on.
ROB: A parole instead of probation.
ROB: Okay, instead of doing that, they put me into a place Carl Holton, which was
ROB: For the most part, for the age. I was so Carl and I ended up not getting out. Go out of 17 and a half. And that's when I got paroled
ROB: Mm hmm. And when I got out, I got a little trouble and my parole officer basically said, You need to get out here because you know I was a good kid. I wasn't, you know,
ROB: I didn't hang out with the regular crowd. Now I look back and I you know I was a good kid back then. I didn't think I was very good. And my step brother, my mom's stepson
ROB: Was in Louisiana working on boats in the Gulf of Mexico, my load. So, he told me, come here. And, you know,
ROB: You know, because they had a worn out new for me again for burglary.
ROB: It wasn't, it wasn't quite what it was, but
ROB: They said, oh, anyway. Then I split. I went to Louisiana.
ROB: Ended up getting a job on boats having a daughter and getting married and everything. You know, I changed my whole life while I was there, kind of
ROB: And
ROB: With that I
ROB: While I was there till about 2007 and came back to California got arrested and had to go back there person check fraud thing. So I had
ROB: And in New Mexico. So I got
ROB: Those two charges, but I got joined suspended and did five years suspended time ended up in Washington and got on boats and went to Alaska.
ROB: Hmm.
Serenna Beers: You mean like that three month on three month off type of thing. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: That's okay.
ROB: At first I was two weeks on two weeks off, you know, so
ROB: You know, you get a check in your arm, and I was at 19 in in
ROB: Around New Orleans for seven years. So I was having with them.
ROB: But I wasn't doing that many drugs or anything. No more than most people are
ROB: Buying a Coke once in a while or something like that. But yeah, I didn't start shooting dope till I came back and got in trouble. And then I I tried crank, you know, the good going back in the day, not the stuff they're doing nowadays, but anyway.
ROB: Uh huh. Yeah. Anyway, um,
ROB: So I ended up in Washington and going up to Alaska and I was doing pretty good there. But I ended up in prison for delivery of a controlled substance.
And I was crying.
ROB: And when I got out. I ended up with
ROB: A lady who
ROB: Her whole family was into heroin and that whole trip so I ended up doing it and I was working still for a while. And yeah, you know, it just took me down. That was the one that took me down and it really took me down hard and I got my dad told me
ROB: I could come back to Santa Rosa and kick. And so I did.
ROB: Mm hmm. But they, you know, started giving me money and buying me all these things and I ended up working for a while for a year and that didn't work out. But in the meantime there. I got all my paperwork from when I was adopted.
ROB: My dad went in and got all that stuff. And I was able to look up my birth mother. And so I called her and I ended up going down to LA and meeting with her.
ROB: Cool. Yeah. So I did that when I turned 40 and found out that everyone was bullshit me my whole life, you know,
ROB: It's nothing what they said and I had five brothers and sisters
Serenna Beers: I'm like, most of them were
ROB: Drug addicts and and been in prison, my, my sister. The one knew that some of them were half but my full sister. I've got to meet her is like looking into my own eyes and
ROB: Really, and she at the age of 14 ended up in California youth authority. It was the whole wow, it was, it was like, because my family. The one I was raised with did no DRUGS DIDN'T EVEN smoke cigarettes. So I always thought. What is wrong with me, you know,
ROB: Well, that was it. I think it's
ROB: It has to be, I don't know, it's just kind of either it's a coincidence or its
ROB: Genetic you know I mean yeah there. Everyone has their my niece has she got shot by the cops and killed in rohner Park, California.
ROB: She had a mental problem. She came down with a butter knife in the cockpit six bullets into her so
ROB: Yeah, so
ROB: There it is. There, it's the whole you know the mental I've got nieces and sisters and brothers that all they have mental problems. Some of them are, you know, upstanding citizens, but most of them aren't you know I got
Serenna Beers: A history.
Serenna Beers: A lot of
ROB: History. So there I am, and here I am now.
ROB: You know that that all stems to me getting up here, I'm
You know,
ROB: We ended up renting a room for a friend of mine, and he was sick of it to his wife had died a couple years ago, a
ROB: Couple hours before that and
ROB: That's heartbreaking. Yeah, so he was pretty much on a downward spiral we're copying dope together and
ROB: We end up saying, screw it, I own this house if you help me fix it up will I'll sell it. I'll buy you a brand new truck. So I did bought me a brand new tracking offer me and Rebecca to come up here so we ended up here.
ROB: Going on for years now.
ROB: Wow, and never I haven't I, you know, it's been since 2004 since I've been arrested for anything.
ROB: That was heroin. That was
ROB: Grandma heroin so
ROB: Here I am now and I'm going to school and Dr grows, it's been a real real I'm so glad I get to be in her group, you know, she's a really, really good doctor really good
ROB: Doctor for
ROB: You know, for my addiction.
Serenna Beers: Sure. No. And I've actually heard lots of really good good things about her. So I hope
Serenna Beers: I hope one day our paths cross. I don't know if I have any groups with her or not. I might because I'm
Serenna Beers: I'm I'm fairly new here to I've only been here about a month. And so I'm I'm picking up some groups and and I swear that. That name sounds familiar. But in any case, I'm excited to meet her when when I do. Um, okay. So what about what was school like for you.
Serenna Beers: Did you graduate.
ROB: Student and
Serenna Beers: Any learning disabilities ever
ROB: Know I even took that here. I wanted to find out because you know I'm 57
ROB: And I went back to school at 56 and
ROB: It was like, Oh my God, but, you know, I've got a 3.8 right now and
ROB: I'm more than halfway through to get my
ROB: Associates, but I'm doing behavioral
ROB: Behavioral and
ROB: Social and Behavioral Sciences some
Serenna Beers: A. Do you have a goal in mind up what you want to do with that.
ROB: No, I'm just, I just wanted to get the A and for transfer, just in case. But
ROB: I think I just wanted to, you know, because I didn't save any money or anything. So I'm going to have to work pretty much as long as I can work so
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
ROB: I was thinking about getting on. It's a small this is the smallest county in California. So it's it I think it'd be pretty easy to get a county job here and I want to
ROB: Really good database. I
Serenna Beers: Would imagine
ROB: Yeah, that's the whole thing. That's what I need. And I can't survive on Social Security disability. You know, I've been on it for a while and I don't know it's it's it's been a lifesaver for me though so
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: For you, um, were there any events that stood out to you, growing up either like with with friends or with family members.
ROB: Events good or bad.
Serenna Beers: Either I mean just things like, you know, for example, when I think of my childhood, one of my most profound memories is that the day that my mother never came home and I was eight years old.
Serenna Beers: You know, another event was performing in a school play and everybody stood up and clapped because they thought that I did so well when you when you deal with poor self esteem or feeling like no one who loves you and those two different things. One can either
Serenna Beers: Make that belief feel more real. No one loves me or or another event can make it could discredit that belief will and make you think, wow, I, I really feel loved right now. So point being, you know, whether it's positive or negative. I mean, in a, in a van an event that stands out has significance.
Serenna Beers: And you're getting better, you know,
ROB: The ones that stand out the most is my parents just put man, I can't. It's almost unforgivable. I could never do it to any child. As a matter of fact, but is throwing me in jail and and leaving me there to to rock, you know,
ROB: When I was a kid, you know, I was only 15 years old.
ROB: You know, and that's probably the biggest significant thing in my life I was I was, you know, I was trying to keep my grades up because I wanted to be a veterinarian, you know, and I knew that I had to keep you know
ROB: Great score and now it's junior high.
ROB: So yeah, that was my goal as well. We knew a couple of what we knew people we
ROB: Were in a horse club. Right.
ROB: Anyway, and I mean, I remember all those times. I remember my first horse.
ROB: Was great times in my dad, my mom, I still to this day. I love my dad. But though the lady pick for a wife and me it just didn't work out.
ROB: And it's and she's you know
ROB: Yeah, it's a her and I have been to this day, you know, she's manipulative and
ROB: You know, not to say I haven't done my share, you know, stealing from them and stuff like that. And I had to when I was pissed off, but, um, and then
ROB: The person. I'm with right now. She there's nothing I can do. It just seemed like going through the whole addiction, we're together.
ROB: She got out of a really bad marriage and Adelaide.
Serenna Beers: Okay, yes.
ROB: And add labor kids, fine. But yeah, she said, don't worry. They're my kids and and right now. They talk. They color for everything. So they didn't like they were all mad at her at first, but now they really care about her, but there's nothing I have to worry about or anything, you know,
ROB: My first wife Oh we're
ROB: We're friends now and stuff because it's been so long but you know i i got home early from working on a boat and caught her in the, you know, yeah, that was yeah that I almost killed the guy that night, man. You know, we ended up being all right friends later but
Serenna Beers: My goodness.
ROB: That was. Yeah, that was the end of, I mean, my, my daughter was nine months old. I mean, it was the best thing in my life.
ROB: And then, and then Melissa. My ex wife took my kid and move to California and my family took her in where I wasn't allowed to go to California. So
ROB: Yeah, it was terrible. Anyway, yeah. So that's another when they took my accent. The only way I can
ROB: Rationalize that is that my daughter had a good life and went to good schools and everything so
Serenna Beers: And and you just have the one daughter, right, the one
ROB: In one step daughter, who I raised. I was with another person and I raised her from about three years old, till she was about 14
ROB: Okay, and she still calls me, Dad. We talked all the time she's getting ready to have a baby in April.
Serenna Beers: Oh, wow.
ROB: Yeah, so we're closer, I mean as far as her. She's closer to me. And then my daughter, my
ROB: Daughter their, their friends. They still talk, you know,
Serenna Beers: Wow, that, well, that's cool.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, I'm just because you leave the relationship doesn't mean you have to leave the kids as well. So I totally get that totally I totally understand that. Okay, what about military are you retired military
ROB: No, I wish I was, I tried to get in the military, but I had a felony. By then, when
ROB: I add a felony. And back then. It wasn't war time or anything and. And not only did you have to have your, your all your high school credits, but you had to
ROB: Have no felonies, that the
ROB: The Marines, pick me up. A year later, and I was like, Screw that I
ROB: Type of thing is, you know, has been entered back. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: What about, do you have any financial or legal issues that you were concerned about. Okay.
ROB: All right.
ROB: Well that's been taken care of.
Serenna Beers: Awesome. And then I you did say you're in a current, current relationship with Rebecca
Serenna Beers: And you have one daughter. I'm one step daughter and and you said that you lived with a friend of yours you and Rebecca live with the friend of yours right
ROB: Right.
Serenna Beers: And that's been for the last three years or four years.
ROB: Oh, it's been over four years. We actually did our last shot together all of us on
ROB: Five years ago, so
Serenna Beers: Amazing.
ROB: Yeah, that's incredible. And when none of us have touched anything we don't talk to, you know, we just don't allow that into our lives anymore.
Serenna Beers: That is so
ROB: Yeah, it worked out.
Serenna Beers: For one, do any of you on not not any of you do you do you go to any type of us poor groups at all. A na
ROB: Only my the groups I have now with Dr groves and there you know have a counselor there open door, and she's you know she's an addiction is since she's been
ROB: You know she's had a past too so
ROB: It's okay to talk to. I'm not good in in actual groups like a or na I tried all that and it just
ROB: It doesn't work so
Serenna Beers: Well, just as an FYI. There are online meetings just like this zoom. They're really cool. So even if you didn't want to say anything you could log in and mute yourself. I only say this because
Serenna Beers: I also have times when I've got a lot of social anxiety when I get real ramped up I'll tend to stutter more and I just, I don't want to talk
Serenna Beers: So I will mute myself and I'll listen and there's just times when
Serenna Beers: A really good message is just, it's like it just really makes the difference. And it might help in to change it if if you're
Serenna Beers: If you're having an off day and you don't have access, like say that particular day, let's say Wednesday, you don't have any meetings through bright heart health, and you're just like,
Serenna Beers: You're just having some some kind of disturbing thoughts. You know, you might be triggered or, you know, I mean, right.
Serenna Beers: Like, because that is what what happens, you can go online at any given time, and I believe it's it's online meetings.com or you could just put it in your Google
Serenna Beers: Google search bar as find me online meetings for na and and it's great. So I just wanted to share that with you because that's just an extra added resource that might that you might find one. One day might actually be of great help. So
ROB: Yeah. And as a matter of fact, a friend of mine that struggles with alcohol. He just told me about it.
ROB: So he's been doing that. Why you stuck in the house right
ROB: Yeah, he's actually
Serenna Beers: You actually can't go anywhere. At this point, so you know where there's a will, there's a way. Alright, so I don't think I missed anything but let me just ask you before we get off the phone. I mean, the phone. The
ROB: Video understand
Serenna Beers: Um, Give me, give me three goals that you hope.
Serenna Beers: To work on while you are with us.
ROB: I'm actually to oh I want to come. I'm going to start coming down in the summer.
ROB: I don't want to do it one in class. I'm going to try
ROB: Right now and then a real I started out at 24 milligrams a day at eight, three times a day.
ROB: And I made
ROB: Two, three times a day. So I'm at six milligrams and that's over the last three years.
ROB: I'm working on a better diet because I had some problems and some issues. After I got my gallbladder removed so
ROB: There's one my
ROB: Working on a better diet.
ROB: Trying to get some of the really bad processed and, you know, I'm a meat eater, so I can't get rid of that but
ROB: I understand that one. I'm
Serenna Beers: Like a great steak or a great
ROB: Burger yeah and and bring in my dose at least down to next to nothing, not maybe not getting off yet because i don't i think i. It helps me really
Serenna Beers: Just be careful, don't put the cart before the horse. I mean, like you're you're feeling good, you're
Serenna Beers: Going to school. But remember, part of medication management is because it's working.
Serenna Beers: Right, so just make sure
Serenna Beers: That you don't do anything without consulting your doctor first
Serenna Beers: While I can appreciate your desire and your motivation to want to decrease. Just remember that you're where you're at taking what you take for a reason. And so just
Serenna Beers: Just don't be too antsy to too fast, you know, just just just take it a day at a time and you don't have to tackle everything at once, you know, don't, don't add more pressure and stress on on you just, you know,
ROB: Yeah, and Dr groves. Be gentle with yourself.
ROB: Yeah, she yeah she pretty much. Yeah, she's told me all that so I
Serenna Beers: See, good.
ROB: But she's got me down to where I am now you know
ROB: Really safe and really slow.
ROB: We had a real slow. So I'm yeah I'm not quite ready to totally get rid of it. But I'd like to have more energy, you know,
ROB: I just don't have it. So there's a two goals and my others.
ROB: Well, I don't know if both yeah I'm gonna I'll have my associates. By the time I, oh, you know, I'll still be here.
ROB: Okay, so, yeah.
ROB: So looking down here at the screen and I noticed that it looks like I'm looking down, but I might things appear so
Serenna Beers: Well, I do too. I am okay now I am looking at you. But when I listened to you talk, I'm looking at you on my screen. So it probably looks like I'm not looking at you, but I am
ROB: Yeah, you're doing it better. Nice.
ROB: Good, yeah, you know what I have to do a communications class.
ROB: And so, and I
ROB: Can't do it's perfect. So I got it down. No, yeah, yeah.
ROB: Cool.
Serenna Beers: Well, I was wonderful to me you if you wouldn't mind at some point here within the next day. If you could call and get yourself put on my schedule and
Serenna Beers: I know you meet with your psychiatrist. So I don't know if there's any like timeframe, but I would like to see you at least every couple of weeks. You know, I just want to be able to check in with you.
Serenna Beers: If you feel like every week is is better for you if you feel like there. I mean, cuz I just listening to you talk, I can tell you lots of things from a clinical standpoint that I feel that we could work on, not that I'm saying you're all screwed screwed up. I'm saying
Serenna Beers: We all can ya.
Serenna Beers: Know there's all
Serenna Beers: I'm just saying you you've given me lots of information of things in your past that I think could really kind of stop you from really
Serenna Beers: taking that step and believing in yourself and really just going going forward. You know what I mean. So
Serenna Beers: I would personally like to do some work with you, you know, work, work, work on those goals that you talked about, I could give you some skills and
Serenna Beers: You know, so if this feels like this would be a helpful thing, then I would appreciate it if you would call and get yourself on my schedule.
Serenna Beers: And then if I see you again. Then I would like to, you know, what we'll, we'll do a standing one. So, you know, every week what to expect. I also know that you're in school. So, you know, you let me know what works with your schedule but but I'd really like to work with you so
ROB: Okay, it looks like the rest of the semester is going to be right here. So yeah, I'll be here. So I'm trying to get used to be in here more.
ROB: Because I get into watching TV and kicking back and stuff like that.
ROB: So, but, yeah, you're right. And this is definitely the first time. That's why I'm committed to school because I've never finished anything
Serenna Beers: Oh, good for you.
ROB: It'll never, never, I noticed that I was like, wow, I've never completed anything all the way, you know, it's always been
ROB: Yet yeah split and I could leave like that. Back in the day, I just, you know, that gone
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
ROB: I did it. So anyway, yeah, that'd be cool. Cool. Yeah.
ROB: Every two weeks, we better. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. So then, do me a favor. Commit to tell, tell me. You'll commit to in the next day or so that you're going to call and put yourself in all my all my schedule, two weeks out
ROB: Okay, how do I do that just through
Serenna Beers: The virtual clinic and let them know that you met with me. As a matter of fact, they are going to hear this transcription. So when they transcribe
Serenna Beers: I'll just let them know now that you're going to be calling in and that you're going to put yourself on my schedule for reoccurring every two weeks. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Oh I meet with you once every two weeks.
Serenna Beers: Okay, that does that sound like a plan.
ROB: Yeah, sounds like a plan.
Serenna Beers: I'll come back to that. Awesome. Well, good luck in school, stay safe and
Serenna Beers: Healthy and I will talk with you in a couple of weeks.
ROB: Okay, you too.
ROB: All right, stay healthy.
Serenna Beers: Okay, thanks.
Serenna Beers: Thank you. Bye.